hello this is a review of mac
dazzleglass which is the new gloss
product that just came out a week ago
maybe 10 days ago and I just got my
first two today I'm really excited about
that ah these are the desert glass is
that I got dazzleglass is a high glitter
high shine gloss formulation for mac
hopefully this is let me open that a
little bit hopefully this is picking up
how crazy glittery that is it's
basically like they took a whole tube of
reflects glitter and dumped it in the
tube this is comet blue and this is
pleasure principle which is a clear
gloss with multicolored glitter in it I
love geez I don't even know where to
start with these they were sixteen fifty
each there are temporary at the counters
but they're permanent in the stores so
what I would do if you have back to mac
empties is take them into the store and
because it's a permanent product you can
get these um I don't even know where to
start number one they're big this is a
normal lip glass and this is the
dazzleglass so you can see that there's
about an inch more product maybe that's
better then in a lip glass or a luster
glass this is actually a luster glass I
lied um its claim to fame is the glitter
I'm going to swatch these for you
because people look at this blue and
they think it's a ridiculous color to
having a gloss it's really not because
the dazzle glasses are not highly
pigmented so it's not like you're going
to look like you're dead or like you're
really cold the blue is just a very very
sheer blue with a lot of glitter on it
so if you're worried about looking blue
if you have not very pigmented lips just
put a lipstick on first like a nude
lipstick and then put this on over it I
hope you can see how crazy glittery that
is it's ridiculous it looks like my
fingers on fire
it's awesome pleasure principle is the
white one put it on my film it's totally
iridescent and awesome test pleasure
principle and looking at looking at the
ad the lips with the multicolored gloss
on I know it's photoshopped but the
amount of glitter is not and when I
appreciate about this is that it's a
very fine glitter particle so it's not
like sex rate gloss from the lower
collection see how large that glitter is
now I love sex for a gloss it's an
awesome gloss but if I swatch it next to
next to the dazzleglass you're going to
see the difference at least I hope
you're going to see the difference kind
of running low on this so this is sex
right you can see how much larger and
chunky or the glitter is it's still a
great gloss but that's the issue that
you have is that it's much chunkier so
what do I like about these I like almost
everything I like that it's a lot of
gloss for your money I like that it's a
tacky or formulation then look glass so
it stays on your lips longer and it will
look shiny or longer because of the
amount of glitter so it's not like a
normal that glass where you put it on
and after 45 minutes you have to reapply
it I like that these two colors in
particular are pretty unique to Mac in
that they don't have another blue gloss
out which I really like that's just why
I got these two because they're
permanent in the stores I didn't feel
the need to go and buy all of them at
once I think there are 12 total 12 and
15 I want to save it call the applicator
is a brush not a sponge and I think they
did it that way so you'd get more gloss
per application and kind of ho-hum on
the brush it's kind of short it the one
with the map lapper is longer but
overall it's good it's good
packaging it some you hear that it's a
glass tube it's not a plastic like this
is a plastic you can you can bend it if
you press hard enough so when you have
your your luster glass for example the
map logo on it eventually it's going to
wear off this not so much and it's just
going to look nicer longer it's not
going to it's not going to get all
scratched up and gross looking when it's
in your purse if you have to get one
shade get the blue because it's a really
cool blue glitter and it's kind of akin
to the blue shimmer and high-top
lipstick from favi it's got that
balloonist to it so that would actually
be a really great combo if you put this
on and then the blue gloss over the
little really really cool um trying to
think of what else to say about these I
really love them all I want to get most
of them eventually I think it's a
fabulous product it's something that Mac
has never done before and it's something
that is completely new to their gloss
lineup so I think it's really going to
do good things for rejuvenating their
lip their lip products like to be honest
I've been kind of bored with mac
lipsticks and lip products for a long
time because I tend to think that the
lipsticks that come out with the
collections the temporary collections
are kind of just for the most part
rehashes of the permanent line and then
in part it's because the permanent line
is so big but this is really new and
it's really really fun I like this tell
me do that um I just really like these a
lot so I think you should go get them
says I the next review that I'm going to
do I'm going to do an overview of this
coming summer collections aggregating
information from the internet and
bringing it to you so you know what's
coming up in the next few months and I'm
going to do a review on Thursday of the
naughty nautical collection which has
been out in the Pro stores for about
five days but which is dropping at your
counter Thursday mail first so I'm going
to do that look for that on thursday
probably thursday afternoon after i get
home from my counter and if you have any
questions
shoot me a message okay bye